C - Recursion <br> 0. She locked away a secret, deep inside herself, something she once knew to be true... but chose to forget <br> Write a function that prints a string, followed by a new line. <br> Prototype: void _puts_recursion(char *s);<br> 
1. Why is it so important to dream? Because, in my dreams we are together <br> Write a function that prints a string in reverse. <br> Prototype: void _print_rev_recursion(char *s); <br> 2. Dreams feel real while we're in them. It's only when we wake up that we realize something was actually strange <br> Write a function that returns the length of a string. <br> Prototype: int _strlen_recursion(char *s); <br> 
3. You mustn't be afraid to dream a little bigger, darling <br> Write a function that returns the factorial of a given number. <br> Prototype: int factorial(int n); <br> If n is lower than 0, the function should return -1 to indicate an error <br> Factorial of 0 is 1 <br> 
 <br> 4. Once an idea has taken hold of the brain it's almost impossible to eradicate <br> Write a function that returns the value of x raised to the power of y. <br> Prototype: int _pow_recursion(int x, int y); <br> If y is lower than 0, the function should return -1
 <br> 
<br> 5. Your subconscious is looking for the dreamer <br> Write a function that returns the natural square root of a number. <br> Prototype: int _sqrt_recursion(int n); <br> If n does not have a natural square root, the function should return -1 <br> 
 <br> 6. Inception. Is it possible? <br> Write a function that returns 1 if the input integer is a prime number, otherwise return 0. <br> Prototype: int is_prime_number(int n); <br> 
