<br> C - More functions, more nested loops> <br> General <br>- What are nested loops and how to use them <br>- What is a function and how do you use functions <br>- What is the difference between a declaration and a definition of a function <br>- What is a prototype  <br>- Scope of variables <br>- What are the gcc flags -Wall -Werror -pedantic -Wextra -std=gnu89
 <br>- What are header files and how to to use them with #include <br> <br> Requirements <br> General <br>- Allowed editors: vi, vim, emacs <br>- All your files will be compiled on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS using gcc, using the options -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic -std=gnu89 <br>- All your files should end with a new line <br>- A README.md file, at the root of the folder of the project is mandatory                                  t be taken into account <br>- In the following examples, the main.c files are shown as examples. You can use them to test your functions, but you don’t have to push them to your repo (if you do we won’t take them into account). We will use our own mThe prototypes of all your functions and the prototype of the function _putchar should be included in your header file called main.h <br>- Dont's forget to push your header file <br> 
<br> 1. isdigit <br> - Write a function that checks for a digit (0 through 9).

<br> Prototype: int _isdigit(int c);
<br> Returns 1 if c is a digit
<br> Returns 0 otherwise <br>
2. Collaboration is multiplication <br> Write a function that multiplies two integers. <br> Prototype: int mul(int a, int b); <br>
<br> 4. I believe in numbers and signs <br> Write a function that prints the numbers, from 0 to 9, followed by a new line. <br> Prototype: void print_most_numbers(void); <br> Do not print 2 and 4 <br> You can only use _putchar twice in your code <br>
<br> 5. Numbers constitute the only universal language <br> Write a function that prints 10 times the numbers, from 0 to 14, followed by a new line. <br> Prototype: void more_numbers(void); <br> You can only use _putchar three times in your code <br> 
<br> 6. The shortest distance between two points is a straight line <br> Write a function that draws a straight line in the terminal. <br> Prototype: void print_line(int n); <br> You can only use _putchar function to print <br> Where n is the number of times the character _ should be printed <br> The line should end with a \n <br> If n is 0 or less, the function should only print \n <br>
 <br> 7. I feel like I am diagonally parked in a parallel universe <br> Write a function that draws a diagonal line on the terminal. <br> Prototype: void print_diagonal(int n); <br> You can only use _putchar function to print <br> Where n is the number of times the character \ should be printed <br> The diagonal should end with a \n <br> If n is 0 or less, the function should only print a \n <br> 
 <br> 8. You are so much sunshine in every square inch <br> Write a function that prints a square, followed by a new line. <br> Prototype: void print_square(int size); <br> You can only use _putchar function to print <br> Where size is the size of the square <br> If size is 0 or less, the function should print only a new line <br> Use the character # to print the square <br> 
 <br> 9. Fizz-Buzz <br> The “Fizz-Buzz test” is an interview question designed to help filter out the 99.5% of programming job candidates who can’t seem to program their way out of a wet paper bag. <br> Write a program that prints the numbers from 1 to 100, followed by a new line. But for multiples of three print Fizz instead of the number and for the multiples of five print Buzz. For numbers which are multiples of both three and five print FizzBuzz. <br> Each number or word should be separated by a space <br> You are allowed to use the standard library <br> 
